Set up build system and disassembly for ntsc-1.2 (#2021)
zeldaret/oot: docs/retail_versions.md

diffs are fine to ignore for now.

For register and stack allocation differences, often the code can be tweaked so
that it matches both the retail ROM while continuing to match GC versions and the Debug ROM (for
example, by reordering assignments or moving a local variable declaration inside
an `if` block). Since retail MM versions currently target N64, checking MM decomp for similar code can help.

> We can disable code that was removed in retail builds by adding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can handle code that is different between versions by adding
```
